- Previously on
"Shahs of Sunset"...
- I have a big announcement
to make.
- Uh-oh.
- She's pregnant, bitches.
- I know!
[dramatic music]
- Her being pregnant makes me
want to have a baby even sooner.
- We've only been married
a year.
- Let's just get
ovulation sticks
and then just get pregnant.
- Merce.
- Yeah.
- This place is disgusting.
MJ's life is chaotic.
She's living in a run-down
apartment,
her dad's in the hospital...
- Smile.
- And she's acting oblivious
to it.
[upbeat techno music]
Whoo.
We've been throwing around
Israel for a long time,
so let's go.
- Um, yes.
- I'm in.
- ♪ Hava ♪
both: ♪ Nagila,
hava nagila ♪
- ♪ Ve' nismecha ♪
- ♪ Cut a lot of girls,
cut a lot of checks ♪
♪ That's the life
here on Sunset ♪
♪ Rich and famous,
I am success ♪
♪ Met her at Les Deux
and she do love sex ♪
♪ I'ma sip this,
you do the rest ♪
♪ You know what you do,
you do the best ♪
♪ Do me a favor,
lose the dress ♪
♪ We run LA ♪
[upbeat techno music]
♪ ♪
- Are you hungry?
- I'm very hungry.
- Do you want to go get dinner
after this?
- Oh, you're so thoughtful.
Thank you.
- Wow,
what a beautiful lobby.
- Oh, I like that.
- Hi.
Welcome to the practice.
- Thank you.
- Hi.
- I'm Reza.
- My name is Suzanna.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi. Adam. How are you?
- Welcome.
- Surrogacy is a big deal
for Adam, but for me,
the unforeseens of fatherhood
make it very hard for me
to pull the trigger.
Thank you.
I think about my age.
How much energy am I gonna have?
How much money am I gonna have?
Where are we gonna be living?
Where's the kid
gonna be going to school?
- Mr. Farahan.
Do you find it weird
that we both have
the same last name now?
- No.
What are the kid's friends
gonna think when
the kid says, "Hey, this is my
dad, and that's my dad"?
So those are the things
I think about
all the time nonstop on repeat.
- Hello.
- Hey, Doctor.
Reza Farahan.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Pleasure.
- Guy Ringler.
- Oh, lookit.
- Hi. Adam. How are you?
- Hi. Adam. Welcome.
Please have a seat.
- Wow, look at your desk
and your chairs.
These are Knoll.
- They are Knoll.
Yeah, no, my husband's
an architect.
He has excellent taste.
- Yeah, he sure does.
And I'm having
a really big problem.
The doctor has
a designer husband.
I'm doing a little
designer math.
This desk cost 10 grand.
Guess who's gonna be paying
for that desk.
Me.
- So this is exciting.
- Very exciting.
- So you're planning to start
a family.
- We are.
- We are, yeah.
- He's--he's much more
wanting his own kids,
and I'm much more about
adopting.
- I want both, but I want to
start with our own kids first.
- Okay.
I'm sure you know the basics,
that you would be using
an egg donor and a surrogate.
Would you both be providing
sperm?
- Yeah.
- So his goal is that we have
two eggs from the same woman.
I inseminate one,
he inseminates the other.
- I want twins.
- Okay.
- They're--are they twins, or
are they half...
- Half twins.
- Half siblings, right?
- No, they'd be twins.
- They are twins?
- If they're--if they're--
if they're delivered
at the same time.
- Okay.
- So you each want to
provide sperm; you each want to
become a biological father.
- Right.
- Okay.
- That's what Adam would like,
yes.
- That's what Adam would like.
Okay.
So the egg donor is important.
Not only do her genetics provide
the genetics of your child,
but her egg quality is gonna
have a profound impact
on embryo quality
and success rates.
- How much does the final kid
cost?
- The entire process, egg donor,
surrogacy, medical costs,
is somewhere between the low end
I'd say about 120,000
and the high end 160,000.
- I can get, you know,
some wack eggs
and do it for 120K,
but we need eggs from a Harvard
bitch or a Yale bitch.
Like, I want some pay me back
my 200 grand babies.
All your fees are included
in that 160?
- We're just a part of it.
We're a small part of it.
- [laughs]
- We're the medical fees here.
- Reza's stingy when it comes to
money, 'cause he's like,
"$160,000.
That can buy me a G-Wagen."
Who wants a G-Wagen that's gonna
break down at some point
when you have two kids that are
gonna take care of you
when you're broken down?
Words of wisdom.
- Thank you so much, Doctor.
We have so much talking
to do at home.
[spacey electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Hi, Daddy.
Mwah!
- I love you too.
How are you?
- You better not miss me,
because I'm going to Israel
for a week.
So do you have any advice for me
going to Israel?
- Okay,
and then in the meantime,
the doggies and Tommy and Vida
will keep you company.
Even though it's not a perfect
time in my life to leave,
this trip is like life
grabbing me by the neck
and saying,
"We're going.
"Push forward.
"We don't have guarantees,
and there's no other time
than now."
So I brought some photos
to adorn these walls
since you're not allowed
to have flowers.
What about this girl?
They called me Indian girl
in picture day.
Do you want that up?
For sure.
And then this I made you
for Valentine's Day.
Cute, right, Dad?
What about this handsome devil?
Seeing my daddy
in this fragile state
makes me want to make
a little baby Shams
that I can lay on
my father's chest,
and my dad sees himself
in this little boy
that's his grandson.
- Yeah, I look like a boy.
And maybe even
a little baby Vida.
F--- it.
Like, not really like
her personality,
but I'm okay with,
like, a triage.
And I got you a "Playboy."
Didn't you want that?
So is it weird if I have
my picture and porn
on the same wall?
Maybe we'll put the porn
over there.
I'm gonna make this
the love wall,
and that can be
the other kind of love.
[upbeat techno music]
♪ ♪
- You went in first?
- Kind of.
- Oh. Hi.
- How many...
- Four people, please.
- This way.
- Perfect.
- Hey, guys.
How are you today?
- We need drinks ASAP.
- Oh, awesome.
- I'm gonna have
a hot, hot sake.
- Okay.
- What are you having?
- Cold, cold sake.
- And water, please.
- All right,
thank you very much.
- Oh, my God.
This is so weird.
- I'm--I don't think I can.
I'm so nervous right now,
I want to fart.
I want to fart so badly
right now.
I don't even bring anyone
to meet my parents.
You're special.
I've never taken guys
to meet my parents,
because I've just never met
a guy that I thought
I could see a future with.
- I like your tat, by the way.
- It's my third eye.
- I like it.
- It watches out
for motherf---ers.
- Oh, I see that.
- [hisses]
- [clears throat]
Don't finger her at the table.
- [laughs]
- Your hair looks good.
- Thank you.
My relationship with Shalom
is so different.
He's just there for me,
no matter what.
I don't even have to ask.
Only thing is, he's Jewish;
I'm not.
- Do your parents drink?
- My dad loves sake.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- Oh, good.
So I'll get him drunk.
- [laughs]
In the Persian community,
it's very different
for Persian-Jewish
and Persian-Muslim to mix.
Cheers to them liking you.
- Cheers.
- Cheers, baby.
My parents are here.
- Oh, I'm gonna have
a heart attack right now.
- Hi.
- Hi, Mama.
- You look good.
How are you, Mama?
- Hi.
- Hi, Daddy.
- Hi, salom.
- Nice to meet you.
- [speaking Farsi]
How are you?
- Oh, that's not bad.
Don't shake that hand.
- Hi. How are you?
- How are you?
Nice to meet you.
- Good. Nice to meet you too.
- You guys sit on this side.
- All right.
- You guys don't understand
how nervous I am right now.
In my lifetime, I've done
many, many, many things
that my parents don't put
their stamp of approval on,
but when it comes to a guy,
if, for any reason,
my parents see something
in Shalom that they don't like
that maybe I haven't seen yet,
I will be finished with Shalom.
I will walk away,
and I'll never turn back.
- Is everything okay here, guys?
- Oh, we should just order
and get this started, right?
- Yeah.
- I definitely want the wagyu.
What do you--you want salmon?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
- Mom, wagyu?
- Wagyu is fine.
- Wagyu?
- Add the prime rib as well.
- Okay, appreciate that.
- So, Shalom, tell me,
what is your background?
- So I was born in Israel,
and then my dad's business
was in Germany, so then
they moved to Germany.
And I came here about...
wow, it's 14 years
now almost.
- So you know how many language?
- English, Hebrew a little bit,
German, Farsi--
- Oh, Farsi too?
- Yeah.
- That's great.
- 'Cause I was mixed with
every--like,
every culture was around me.
- How long does this one take
to cook?
- You can take the meat,
dip it into the pot,
and then it cooks in seconds.
All you do is just go ahead
and swish-swish.
If you guys need anything,
just let me know.
- So I know it was a short
little introduction,
but from your perspective
right now,
yes or no?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[glass clinking]
- Ohh.
- Oh, sh--
There's a socket right there.
Get up.
There's an electrical socket
that's open.
Ohh.
- [laughs]
- How did you do that?
- Too many stuff in the table.
There's no room.
Have a seat.
- I'm not gonna die, you guys.
That's it.
- Shalom is what,
is a Jewish name, right?
You know my opinion about
you dating Jewish people.
I don't care.
[laughter]
- She got scared.
- I got scared.
I was like, "Uhh..."
- If you're happy, that is
the more important thing.
- Thank God.
Great for him.
Now he doesn't have to get
broken up with tonight.
Cheers.
[laughter]
- If it says "no,"
I'm gonna be disappointed.
[tense music]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Wow.
- Hello.
- Hello. How are you?
- Good, good.
Do you guys have
baby stuff also?
- Of course; take a look
at our nursery section.
- Like with any new mom--
and I know new moms
are a little psycho--
I want the best for my baby.
Wow.
And there's a little snack
station.
I'm gonna have the baby's
clothes be all 100% cotton
and organic cotton.
I'm gonna get this.
And the organic part,
if something's really cute,
I might have it just be cotton
and not be organic.
I'm actually more pragmatic
than you realize.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, wow.
Hi.
- Hello.
- Is there a pregnant
Persian lady in here?
- I hear my Reza.
Hi, my love.
- Mwah!
What's up?
This place is so cute.
- Let's go look. Let's go look.
- Let's go look around.
Oh, look at this
shangraly-mangraly
number right here.
- Yeah.
- That's some Persian sh--.
Babe, this is the color of a BMW
from the late 80's,
early '90s...
- Yeah, right.
- Called Bronzit.
I'm telling you.
So show me the stroller
that you want.
- Oh, this is the one I want.
Apparently, it's a stroller.
If you take this off,
it's a car seat.
- Yeah.
Oh, these are bomb too.
- Babe, you just clicking that
freaked me out.
- Yeah, I think--
- I can see you now--
- How much is this one?
- Reza.
- Oh, this one's cheap.
- Babe, I just saw you as a dad.
- Right?
Oh, my God.
This feels very natural.
I'm realizing I honestly
have to, before I die,
experience
some little human being
calling me dad.
We went to a surrogacy clinic.
- You did?
- Babies are expensive as f---.
- Yeah, so--
- Hello, that's $1,400.
For me, it's 200 grand.
That's the difference
right here.
But I don't have the need
that Adam has
to have his own biological kid.
There are all these kids
that need homes,
so my heart tells me that
adoption is the right way.
You're lucky, because the fact
that you got
pregnant au naturel...
- At 40.
- Because, like,
40-year-old eggs are considered
broke-down eggs.
- Yeah, not this one.
- No.
- This is a super egg.
Reza's right.
It's tough to get pregnant
naturally,
especially at my age of 40.
Jermaine and I weren't planning
ovulations and stuff.
But we just got pregnant
very fast.
I mean, it's just--
it's a miracle.
It's so beautiful.
Ohh.
- Babe, how great is this chair?
- It's very, very comfy.
- By the way...
- Mm-hmm.
- I wanted to ask you something,
because MJ has been affected
in the most, like, unusual way
with this news.
- No, she's, like, she's been--
every time I'm around her,
it's been a little bit toxic
for me, actually.
Are you guys gonna get married,
or are you guys gonna move in
together now?
- Well, I mean, you know,
it's our decision.
- Yeah, no, whatever you say.
- She thinks that you put on
some facade
that everything is always
perfect.
- Well, first of all,
I'm having a baby,
and to me,
that's a perfect miracle.
There's nothing imperfect
about that.
MJ has a real mean streak
that always comes from
what she's lacking
that she wants,
and that makes it very difficult
to be friends.
I'm about me in my life,
and I don't want to focus on
other people's head trips
that they put on me.
[upbeat funky music]
♪ ♪
- Babe.
- Yes.
- What do people dress like
when they go to Israel?
Do you have to be religious?
Do you have to cover yourself?
- Well, it says, "Israel culture
is much like American
"and European
in their dressing code,
and the women also reveal
their chest and their legs."
Like I said,
I think you're all right.
- "They reveal their chest
and their legs"?
- Yep, the walk around titties
out; you'd love it.
- I don't wear my tits out
when I'm not with you.
- I'm just saying,
you can't help it.
You got some bazongas.
[quirky music]
- Babe, I have to pee.
- Oh, is it that time in the day
to do it,
or do you have to wait
later in the day?
- I don't think it matters
what time it is.
Tommy and I are officially
in baby-making mode.
So far, these ovulation sticks
just keeping saying...
both: No.
- That means I'm not ovulating.
- That's, like, a jerk-off way
of telling you, though.
- I've been holding it,
so I have to go really badly.
[urine trickling]
I hope I'm peeing on it.
Yeah, I can tell I'm peeing
on it, I think.
- Sounds like you're peeing
on everything.
- All you, baby.
Here, you can have it.
- Thanks.
- That's just my pee; it's fine.
It's probably sterile.
- Truly a golden shower.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- If it says "no,"
I'm gonna be disappointed.
[exhales]
♪ ♪
- No.
Wah-wah-wah.
- I am telling you,
I don't think I ovulate.
- You didn't go through
menopause.
You're still good.
- I think the whole reason
why Asa got pregnant
was because
I'm supposed to have a baby.
And so the message--
the secret message is--
hurry up,
'cause I'm older than her,
and I need to do it
before it's too late.
- I mean, the numbers
aren't in our favor,
but we have to try to do it.
- Yeah, but it's like
a mind f---.
The second that you want to do
something, if you can't do it,
it's so frustrating.
[exhales]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[knock at door]
- One second.
- Hey.
- Hey, hey, hey.
What's up, man?
- [laughs]
Here, you can give these
to the other peeps in Israel.
I brought them, because they
don't have this over there--
- One of each?
- What am I supposed to bring
a crate full?
- You know how many aunts--
- You give one candy
to each of them.
- But we have, like,
16 aunts and uncles
and cousins there, dude.
That's okay.
All right, thank you, very nice.
I'll go buy 15 more.
Let me show you what I'm gonna
pack for Israel.
- Okay.
- My brother David
is my f---ing hero.
While I was going through
my separation,
my younger brother was being
my guiding light
when I needed
to talk to somebody,
and it all goes back
to the fact that my father
always told us,
since we were little bambinos,
"You and your brother,
that's all you have.
"When me and your mommy die,
you're all that you have
for each other."
- This is dope.
A couple years ago,
you guys went to Turkey.
Now you're taking your friends
to the--
- To my world.
- To the other side.
- So we just live to that word
that our family is everything.
- What's the weather gonna be
like right now?
- It's kind of cold, right?
So I'm thinking I'll take
a light pair of jeans,
a dark pair of jeans.
Should I take a suit or--
- No, man, you're in Israel, no.
- They don't care, right?
- Nobody wears suits there.
- My brown boots...
- Your passport.
- Duh.
- [laughs]
- Israel, this holy land,
it's really significant to me.
I've been about six times.
So I went a few times
when I was very young.
The last time I'd been to
Israel was about ten years ago.
Every time I go back, I'm at
a different point in my life,
so this time, it's from the
perspective of a single man
with my friends
seeking enlightenment.
- You can ship over a nice
Jewish girl for yourself...
- Yeah.
- From Israel.
- That's all I need,
a ball-busting Israeli.
But they have beautiful women
there for sure.
- Yeah, for sure; they'll rip
you a new one, though.
- But a tough woman
might be f---ing good.
You never know.
- [laughs]
- There are 21,000 foster
children in LA County alone.
- That's the reason why I don't
want to go through surrogacy.
[upbeat techno music]
♪ ♪
- My lover,
are you gonna want a drink?
- Sure.
- So if we're approved
for adoption,
what kind of baby you want?
- A healthy one.
What kind do you want?
- Um, like, I wouldn't mind
having a little girl
so we can dress her up.
- Honey, it's not a toy.
- Or if we had a son,
we can dress him up,
and we can all match.
- Persians don't do that sh--.
- When this agent comes here,
should I offer her a beverage?
- No, I don't think we should be
offering her alcohol.
- Might get that baby sooner.
- No.
[doorbell rings]
- Coming.
Come here, Papa.
Hi.
- Hi.
- Hi. I'm Adam. How are you?
- I'm Sara Boone.
- Hi.
- Very nice to meet you.
- Come on in. Come in.
- Who's that?
- This is Marty.
- Hi, Marty.
- And he's our...
- He's a cutie.
- One of our four kids.
- Oh.
[laughs]
- Come on in.
- All right.
- This is Reza.
- Hi.
- Hi, Reza. Sara Boone.
Very nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Leave it to me and Adam to have
the worst planning skills
on the planet, because this lady
is coming over to discuss
foster to adopt the day before
I'm leaving for Israel.
- Do you have a coaster
or does it...
- Oh, sure, sorry.
- Or does it matter? I--
- Go ahead.
- Thank you.
- But I want Adam
to listen to someone
who's in the foster
to adopt world.
- So what brought you
to the idea of parenthood?
- His biological clock
is ticking.
- Okay.
[laughs]
- I don't know.
I just--I just feel like
it's just another progression
in our relationship.
- How long have you guys
been together?
- Almost six years.
We've been married for a year.
- Married for one.
- So it sounds like it's a
natural development in your--
- Absolutely, yeah.
- Excellent.
Say you became certified
with our agency,
then we get calls from the
Department of Child and Family
Services for children
ranging in age from zero to 21.
What age range would you be--
- A baby.
- A baby, okay.
- Yeah.
- That age range, zero to five,
the vast majority
are within that age range.
There are 21,000 foster children
in LA County alone.
Actually, the LGBT community
represent 20%,
so there is a large portion
of teenagers--
- There's a large portion?
- Yes, of teenagers that need to
find adoptive families.
[somber music]
- That's the reason why I don't
want to go through surrogacy.
There's all these kids
that need homes.
Like, we're gonna go through
all this trouble
because you want to have
a biological child.
The kid is gonna love you
just as much
and might even end up
looking like you too.
I know Persian families
who disowned their kids.
Their kids ended up
on the streets.
Their kids ended up dying
because they're gay.
- I don't care what age range
that you're interested in.
What I want is a family
for a child.
- So even though there are
other forms of adoption
that are just
straight adoption,
fostering to adopt is amazing,
because we could give them
so much,
and it would change the
trajectory of this kid's life.
- I think the most successful
matches have been
when people are feeling it
with their heart and their gut
and everything is aligned.
- And there are all these kids
that need homes,
but at the same time,
I don't want to sell him
on adoption.
- Honey, are you okay?
- Whew.
I would like Adam to just kind
of glide into the adoption
column on his own, you know,
on a wave
of altruistic intention.
My mom was telling me
she could go to Iran
and bring back two kids
with an envelope of cash
and no questions asked, so...
- I'm not familiar with that,
but I will take your word
for it.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hi.
How are you?
I've had a passport, I think,
for eight years or ten years
or some sh--,
'cause I always think, like,
I'm gonna travel;
I'm gonna go somewhere.
There's gonna be
an amazing story.
But yet,
it never really happened,
because I put business first.
We're totally doing some
bucket list stuff right here.
- Yeah.
- But we're going
across this planet,
and I'm about to use it.
First stop: Israel.
- How's Annalise?
- She's good.
- So do you guys, like,
speak every night?
- Yeah.
- My thing is, is, like,
wouldn't it be a little annoying
when you're super,
like, blue balls,
and you need to, like, release,
and she's not even near you?
Like, do you guys do
the phone sex thing?
- I--I never could get that,
like, sexting, phone sex, like--
- What?
She, like, lives so far away.
- Yeah.
- Do you guys, like, role play?
Do you guys, like, do you, like,
"50 Shades of Grey"...
- Role play?
- Type of thing?
- No, that's some weird sh--,
dude.
I mean, I'm not--I don't know.
- This is so interesting.
- Like, I got older, I lost
some--like I'm not as sexual.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- I have a really good feeling
about Israel.
The energy's gonna be
so amazing.
- Babe, I miss Jermaine.
It's crazy.
- Yeah, and it's only been
a couple hours.
- I know, but as soon as I--
but I was already
getting sad last night.
- Yeah, aww.
- I just--I know.
Like, I'm taking nugget
on a pilgrimage.
- Aww, yeah.
- So we miss our daddy.
Do you know how difficult that
it's gonna be at 7 1/2 months
pregnant to fly 20 hours,
like, across the world,
but, you know,
this is a spiritual,
peace pilgrimage for me
and my future baby.
Like, I have to do this.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Israel.
F---ing finally, dude.
We've been talking
about this trip forever.
- I know.
- I tell you, though.
I'm afraid.
What if they see a group of,
like, Middle Easterns walking
through the airport, you know?
- Well, I'm gonna just
start going, "Hey.
Hey."
- "Israel."
- So hopefully they'll be like,
"Okay, this queen
is not gonna try
and f--- with us.
I don't really think there are
a lot of gay terrorists.
- Be like, "Boom."
[laughter]
[upbeat techno music]
♪ ♪
- Hell yeah.
- If you're traveling,
most important
for a Middle Eastern man,
try and wear something
very expensive,
'cause if you're wearing
a gold Rolex
or you have, like, a piece of
Louis that you're carrying on,
you're probably not looking
to die.
- Good morning, ma'am.
How are you doing?
- Good morning.
- That's my girl.
Maybe befriend a TSA agent.
That's my girl.
What? What?
And if your name is Mohammed,
tell your friends to call you
"Mo" at the airport.
- Have a great day.
Good morning.
- I don't give a f--- how
big his dick is,
because my dick hangs
to my f---ing knee too.
- No, it doesn't.
- [laughs]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Here we go.
Mikey always on his phone.
Ney-Ney.
Where's a-Ney-Ney?
- Hi.
- Hi, Ney.
- Hey.
Ooh.
- It's such a relief
that Reza and I are just on
a good page right now.
- Oh, no, no.
- It was literally, like,
just yesterday
we pretty much hated each other.
- It's none of your f---ing
business.
- It is my f---ing business.
Don't f---ing put your hand
f---ing finger
in my f---ing face.
- I'll chime in
when the f--- I want.
- And now we're going together
to Israel.
I mean, who would have thought?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[lively string music]
It's me, Shervin,
these four men,
Nessy, and Destiney.
Hopefully they won't
strip search Nessy,
'cause then they'll be a wreck.
Oh, and Mike is here too.
- How the f---
is the only real Jew
in this group getting detained?
- Merce, so...
- Is this ironic?
- Yeah.
- I said that it's--her name
is very Muslim, right?
And they didn't stop her, which
is interesting to me, you know?
F---, it's this weather, man.
- Being detained anywhere
is not fun,
especially not in Israel.
You can get jailed
or shipped back to the country
you came from.
There's really actually
only one good outcome,
and that's if they let me in.
- Yes, Reza.
- Reza, and...
- Golnesa.
- Merce, look at all those
balloons up there.
- Aww.
- That's so cute.
You know what I think
the trick was?
We were friendly.
- Yeah.
- You have to just have
a friendly and patient attitude.
- Right, if you're nervous,
you're--
- Like, not--don't look guilty.
- I told you that they're gonna
get body cavity searches
before we get in.
- I don't know why
it's so funny to me.
I'm just happy it's not me,
honestly.
- I'm gonna throw up.
- Ooh.
- Merce, that perfume
is so strong.
- Okay, I'm gonna--
- There's, like,
a wall of scent.
- I'm gonna wash it off.
- Oh, yeah.
My nose is, like, sonic.
You don't even know.
- Ahh.
- Okay.
- [groans]ans]
- Oh.
- There's Destiney.
- Destiney.
- [laughs]
Come here.
Okay, what's going on?
- Oh, my God.
- No.
- What's happening?
- What a mission.
- I'm so glad I'm back.
- Interrogation
like a motherf---er.
- You don't know anything
about their status,
like, what's going on?
- I don't--well,
they asked me about everybody.
How many people?
What are their names?
What do they do for a living?
I was like, "Oh, let me see,
so there's Mike,
there's Shervin, there's GG,
you know,
trying to be shirin
a little bit.
- I'll see you, guys.
- Miss you.
- Hey, Mikey...
- Welcome to Tel Aviv.
- Hey.
- What's going on?
- Yay.
- How are you guys doing?
- What happened?
- Hey.
- All right, guys, good luck.
- And then there were two.
Peace out, homey.
- There's Michael.
- Yay!
- Michael, joon.
Mike, I'm cracking up that you
thought I should have been
interrogated and not you.
- But you were born in Iran
as well, so what--
what caused them to trigger me
and not you?
- I have charm,
and I have an angel face.
- Ahh, that's what it is.
- I love that it's GG and Reza
left in there.
- Together.
I would be very nervous
to be the last person
left with Golnesa.
- The worst person
to be in detention with
is GG, because she's a ticking
time bomb.
I'm sitting next to
the one person
that could get me sent back.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- I go, "Look,
you see on my passport
"I've been here many times.
I'm Jewish.
I have family here."
And he goes, "Yes,
but you're with them."
You've reached the maximum
capacity of Muslims
you can travel with in Israel.
- Whatever!
- Which was, what,
five, apparently?
- I exceeded the limit.
- Whew, can't wait
to get out of here.
Let's go.
- Yes, please.
It's very liberating
to be free.
It feels like I've been
wandering around in the desert
for 40-f---ing-thousand years.
Like, give me a drink.
- Here comes Reza.
- Yay.
- We're all free to go.
- Everybody ready?
[together]
Yes.
- Please follow me
to the shuttle.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Yeah, buddy, Israel.
- Whoo!
♪ ♪
- Ooh.
- Ohh.
- Ahh.
- Oh, wow.
- This is beautiful.
- This is cream cheese and...
- Lox.
- Definitely gonna do
some gazpacho.
Mmm, that's yummy.
That's so yummy.
[glass shattering]
- [gasps]
- My bad.
- You guys, can you believe
you're in Israel?
We're here.
We're on the ocean.
I've never been to Tel Aviv,
but I've heard many stories
about the nightlife,
how metropolitan
and cool it is,
someplace where maybe--
what's that weird director
that f---ed his daughter...
with the glasses?
Who's that little director?
Woody Allen.
Tel Aviv is someplace that
Woody Allen would have hung out
back in the day.
- Can we go eat?
- Let's make it rain.
- We should go.
- We should shower.
- Yeah, let's do it.
- Everyone, one hour.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[cell phone rings]
- Zedi.
- Hey, my brother?
- Hi, Zedi.
- What are you doing?
- I'm just unpacking.
What are you doing?
- Working.
Honey, is this your shirt?
It's a large.
- Yeah, it looks good on you.
What's mine is yours,
my love.
- How was the flight, good?
- The flight was good.
When we got to Israel,
we got detained.
- That's crazy.
- Well, honey,
I got to jump in the shower.
I love you very much.
- All right, bye.
- Love you.
[upbeat music]
- I'm hungry.
I just made it up.
- Wait, you've got to go
backwards like this, back?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, you got to go backward.
- Got it.
- I feel so honored to be here.
Shalom.
- Yeah, right?
Hi. Love you too.
- I love when MJ's feeling
herself.
- If I do anything bad to Tommy,
my karma's gonna come right back
and get me.
- Absolutely.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hi.
- Hello, welcome to the Aria.
- We have a reservation
under Farahan.
- Yes, come with me, please.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- So cute, right?
- So cute.
- What do you guys
want to drink?
- Double 1942 on the rocks.
- Jack and Coke.
- Moscow Mule for her.
- Can I place a food order
with you?
- Yeah, of course.
- Okay, let's green sashimi,
a beef tataki,
and cheese and spinach.
- For sure,
and we need that too.
- You guys, it's weird
being in a restaurant
where you can smoke.
- Can I say something?
I actually feel
uncomfortable now.
I feel--I don't want to be here.
It's terrible for me.
You guys, have fun.
I'm gonna leave.
- You're gonna leave?
- I'm gonna go.
I'll meet you guy later.
It's too smoky.
I love you.
- Asa, bye.
- Have fun for m okay?
- I will.
- I have here the beef tataki.
- Destiney, what's your type?
- Someone who's cute.
Shirin.
- Jesus, I'm right here,
but I'm taken; I'm sorry.
- Ew.
- [laughs]
- I've--I've only dated
one Persian guy.
But I've never been with
a black guy in my life.
- I used to love
some black d---.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
Miss Golnesa Gharachedaghi
has a public service
announcement.
You love black d---?
- Love it.
- Persian men across the board
are intimidated--
- I'm not intimidated by sh--.
I don't give a f---
how big his dick is,
because my dick
hangs to my f---ing knee too.
- [laughs]
- Well...
- No, it doesn't.
- Let's see it.
- No.
Let's try this.
- [laughs]
- ♪ Pants on the floor,
pants on the floor ♪
[upbeat music]
- Mikey.
- Where are you goining?
- Outside.
- They're all going.
I want to smoke too.
Hello.
- Thank you.
Somebody give me
one last cigarette,
'cause y'all--
your girl's gonna
get preggers soon.
I'm gonna get pregnant
in one month.
- Shut up.
- Why don't you work on
getting married first?
- Trust me.
It's not gonna be a bastard.
I will get married
before I have it.
- It's a bastard if you get
pregnant before you're married.
- No, born.
- No f--- that.
- No, pregnant.
- Born.
- It's pregnant.
- Pregnant.
- Okay, nonetheless,
y'all are gonna have to
figure out how to have fun
without me since
it's f---ing dull as f---
when I'm not around.
[laughter]
- You're gonna be around.
- Yeah, I'm not gonna be
like other people.
- You're gonna be around.
- Well, why are you guys talking
about bastards?
- I want to get pregnant.
- She says she wants to get
pregnant next month.
- Is it gonna be a bastard
if I have a baby--
- Who cares if it's a bastard
or not?
- I do.
- Are you f---ing insane?
You're 44 years old.
The chances of you getting
pregnant are like winning
the f---ing lottery
at this point.
- And what if I do?
- I want you to.
- What if I do?
- What?
- Is it gonna be a bastard?
- Who cares? Get pregnant.
- So it is gonna be a bastard.
- Oh, my God.
If you're serious
about having a baby,
you start doing yoga,
working out.
You don't smoke.
You don't drink,
like Prohibition
is starting tomorrow.
You guys, MJ is one
of a motherf---ing kind.
- We need to get more drinks.
Everyone needs to get f---ed up.
- Israel!
- Come on, Rez.Come on, Rez.
[upbeat music]
- Do I look like I'm
aerobicizing or disco?
- No, disco.
- I don't care
if we flew 40 hours.
I will not let tonight
be a dud.
We are going to party.
I don't give a
- No, because you don't have
a girlfriend?
- Okay,
that's your new girlfriend.
I think he's lost.
- Nice to meet you.
Let's get out of here.
- Invite them back to the hotel.
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
- This way.
In our bus.
- Come on.
- MJ's nipple is popping out.
- MJ, MJ, your areola.
- It is falling out, MJ.
[laughs]
♪ ♪
- What's up, Germany?
- Hey.
- Shlomi's back.
[together]
Hey!
- Shlomi.
- Hey.
- Shlomi, come sit.
- I love me some MJ,
but this chick is going
off the f---ing rails, dude.
- Everybody have a drink.
- Kind of weird.
- I get to say who
gets to make out with the person
that the bottle spins on.
[laughter]
- There we go.
- Mwah!
- Here we go.
- [laughs]
- Whoo!
- Take off your pants.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Strip.
Ohh.
[all cheering]
- When she drinks,
MJ gets horny.
Spin the bottle is my queue
to exit stage left.
I'm out, because I don't want to
end up munching
on a wet fur burger.
- No.
- [laughs] I know, man.
I was just f---ing...
- MJ, two inches down,
and you're cock level.
[laughter]
[light music]
- You guys are leaving?
Yay.
Mwah!
- Bye.
- You got a good kiss
good night.
This room is a pigsty, guys.
- Here, here, here, here.
That's for--
that's for the cleaner.
- Off to bed I go.
This time next month,
I could be going
stroller shopping.
Oh, f---.
So right now, I'm all about
living out my youth
as far as I can milk it,
like the last cow on Earth.
- Next time on
"Shahs of Sunset"...
- Oh, my God.
- Yeah.
- You guys.
- That's Israel
right there, buddy.
- Jesus walked around
in these streets
chillin' with his friends.
♪ ♪
I feel this divine connection
that I've wanted for so long.
- [chanting]
- It's just a wall.
- I was wondering if you guys
could film some people
at the market;
Jews, Muslims, Christians.
- You guys mind if we interview
you, ask some questions?
[together]
No.
- What about you?
Are you Muslim?
- These people are not fond
of the Western world.
You're not paying attention
around you.
You guys are laughing
with the guy--
- Like someone's trying
to kill us?
- Who the f--- knows?
- I want to get the f---
out of Dodge.
- Let's go.
We came, we saw, let's go.
- So let's just leave Israel.
We came, we saw Israel,
let's go.
- For more "Shahs of Sunset,"
go to: